Unaware of life and death
Let's see if you can get out of here today
The three of you?
Two kinky
A golden wind
Only now can there be such swordsmanship
Is the truth humiliating?
speak out
Are you shameless?
You'll know it when you try it.
I'm sure you haven't seen Extreme Desolation yet
Open your eyes today
What drought?
Desolation
This is where we end up in reality.
Hahahaha
Desolate realm says such nonsense
Don't you think you're funny?
That's right, even if the five emperors and the five branches
It is also difficult to reach the realm of barren wells
Why are you a blind man talking wildly here?
Since he is determined to die
What are you talking about?
Today you live or die
It depends on whether you are strong or weak